# Contribution

It is a very humble program that most people will never know of its existence, but thought it might be fun to write the appropriate documentations.

#### Thanks in advance for even considering making a contribution!
 
## Future Implementations

### More Weather Effects

Currently, the program supports the following weather effects:
* Clouds
* Rain
* Snow
* Lightning
* Hail

Following are some ideas of what other visual effects that can be implemented:
* Fog/Haze
* Strong Wind
* Tornado

Any other suggestions (even crazy ones!) are welcome!

### Weather Specification

In the file WeatherSeverity.js, contains weather conditions that determine if and which weather effects should appear, and somtimes, their severity. Some are left empty simply because there are no effects or severity that specifically is tied to the weather condition. The severity was determined hastily and by intuition; fine-tuning of those values would improve the program. 

### Implement Ability to Type Cities

So, the global map is obviously not accurate and it is difficult for an individual to find the weather of a specific city/town that is not the pre-programmed. To have an addition option along _WORLD MAP_ and _CUSTOM_ that will allow the user to type the city (and , the country just in case there is an overlap in city names) and having a geolocator API look for the lon & lat of that city, thereby fetching the weather info from the weather API would be very useful.

## Vague Improvements
####   Improve Visuals
####   Upgrade Efficiency and Readability of Code
####   Clearer Comments, Organization & Documentation


## Bugs & Fixes

### Generate a More Accurate World Map
The world map was generated by a pixeling program I wrote on Processing. I need to discover a way to produce a world map that is more accurate so that the lon & lat determined by the program better reflects where the user clicked on the world map.

### Clouds
Clounds dissapear before they move outside of the screen. Should be an easy fix.

### Mobile Support
The entire program was written without taking in any consideration of mobile support. The design assumes that the window is longitudinal, a lot of mouse hovering would not work, etc.
It would be nice to be able to acommodate for mobile as well.

### Window Size
The program was written with the intention for it to fit on a regular laptop screen window: 640 x 480 ~ 1920 x 1200 maybe?
However, since the weather effects and severity does not take in consideration of the window size, bigger window means sparser rain or cloud, while smaller window means more dense rain or cloud. Perhaps this is something that should be addressed.
